Miss.
May I help you?
My boss says
he has something to discuss
with you. Please get in the car.
Your boss? You mean
Hou Jiuling?
Yes.
Sorry, I have something to do,
I’ll leave now.
My boss says
he might be able to solve your urgent problem.
What does that mean?
The leader of DS International
just arranged a meeting with my boss.
You’re talking about DS International?
Yes. Please.
Mr. Huo, you just had
your subordinate tell me
you could solve my urgent problem.
One moment it’s “uncle,” then “big brother,”
now “Mr. Huo,”
and sometimes “Hou Jiuling.”
In your heart,
I have so many identities.
Once we’re married,
should I have you call me something special?